[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna examine our bodies deeply
with David Cronenberg's 1986 remake of
the fly let's get to it
we open at a posh science conference
where all the stylish nerds go to
discuss their earth-shattering
discoveries whilst sipping champagne and
eating foie gras like scientists so
often do Veronica is here looking for
some juicy interviews and while Seth
Brundle claims his recent work as a real
juicer he's not willing to discuss the
details of it in front of competitors he
begs are back to his lab where he
immediately starts showing off and then
introduces her to his pods while
impersonating Jeff Goldblum
he keeps its purpose a secret utilizing
the titillation of uncertainty to
acquire one of her stockings which he
then transports one part of the other
revealing the result in the coy manner
seeing the potential she starts
stuttering out some questions but Heda
mirrors when he sees he's being recorded
he didn't intend for her to write about
it despite this being her job and him
trying several times to lure her there
for an interview so she runs off to find
a typewriter the next day her editor
suggests the evidence she's produced is
skint and that Seth is likely pulling a
trick on her Seth actually shows up to
the office but finds he doesn't have to
convince status to not print the article
as he dismisses Seth and disparages
several of his employees on his way out
like a true [ __ ] Brundle then invites
Veronica out to discuss science over
cheeseburgers and reveals he's not ready
because he's still struggling to
transport animate objects but that he
liked her to be the documentarian of his
experiments back at the lab we find he's
got one of them they're monkeys and he
uses it as a test but finds the results
cast it into a state of existential
crisis in the emotional high of their
failure they consummate the relationship
he's then hit with inspiration using a
steak taste test to confirm the
computers interpreting rather than
reproducing the interpretations falls
short because he's failed to teach at
the poetry of the flesh Veronica takes a
break from her budding relationship to
address a stale one Stathis her boss and
former lover is creeping around and
makes no bones about his jealousy now
confident in his ability to teach
computers love Seth goes right back to
the baboons and this time it works as
they celebrate Veronica finds a
passive-aggressive threat to pull the
trigger on her article prematurely so
she goes to confront stathis she leaves
Seth to converse with his baboon who
suggests there may be cause for jealousy
so Brundle decides for drunk reasons to
teleport himself to a world where he's
not insecure unbeknownst to him a fly
flies in the pod
but due to the infallible power of
computers he emerges from the mist
looking unharmed Andi monkeys up
Veronica returns and reassures him that
night she wakes up to find Brundle doing
some late-night calisthenics along with
a full bar routine you know like a fly
over coffee he reveals his working
hypothesis that the act of being
reassembled purifies the subject making
him better and causing him to act like a
Goldblum they have a row about her
unwillingness to improve herself in
order to keep up with him and he runs
off to think and expend some energy in
the typical fashion of 80s movies he
challenges the dude for the rights to
bed his lady and when marki indicates an
attempt to perform the Kings move seth
opts to top Earlham hard securing the
win he carries his prize upstairs and
bowls her brains out but she's still
reluctant to get into this stranger's
unusual machine for some reason luckily
Veronica arrives and warns her off she
drops some hard truths on Seth he
smelled bad he says I'm a man and kicks
her out to be rid of her negative energy
he then immediately goes to explore his
body starting with his fingernails
I mean continuing with his fingernails
stop doing that
realizing something may be wrong he
reviews the records of the first
teleportation and finds evidence of a
secondary non Brundle element which is
eventually revealed to have been a fly
four weeks later he calls Veronica again
confirming she was correct and that he
needs her she finds that he's
deteriorating but is maintaining his
sense of humor the computer decided to
places together forgetting himself for a
moment he takes a snack and then begs
her for help she meets with her most
trusted confidant her scuzzy
ex-boyfriend he doesn't feel he can make
judgment without more information so she
returns to find Brundle flourishing now
embracing his metamorphosis she gets
video to share with Stathis who's
horrified and then they keep the horror
train rolling when Veronica reveals
she's pregnant with a little brundlefly
larva meanwhile brundlefly is typing as
fast as his flippers allow and discovers
that the best way to get him close to
being human again is to fused with a
pure human Veronica then shows up for
one last goodbye telling Stathis outside
she was unable to break it to brundlefly
that she's pregnant but it's okay he's
observing so when she goes for an
emergency procedure he brings her back
to be part of his unification project
Stathis gets back before them and
uncovers a plan but he's not ready for
an air attack brundlefly then works to
digest both his hand and ankle and with
things getting a little surreal he
decides to take a break when Veronica
resists him she cracks open his human
facade Stathis is able to damage her pod
just in time and brundlefly is unable to
escape before teleportation resulting
disgusting and pitiful mess which he
puts out of its misery by request and
that was the fly a cautionary tale on
something and fairly gross so it's got
that going for it if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]